okay YouTube today it's another one
right after it started porn it's still
raining I'm still stuck in here
when did I started the line cutting
videoed about 3 o'clock and it's 351 not
this thing focus
it's not focusing
anyway so I've been stuck in here a long
time
and as you can see the waters creeping
it in here but any which way I wanted to
show you guys the oil I use seems to be
a hot controversy on YouTube right now
about oil yo you have to have a certain
kind of oil for this this and this
so people have mixed oil oh look at that
you got a leak drip
direct that's not good
I'm gonna have to have that fixed drip
drip
oh crap just hitting my new machine
I mean machine seems to be dry yeah
sitting over here does not fix anyway
for oils what I use for my oil is some
people have 40 to 150 to one mix is like
five or six mixes guys you don't need
that five six seven different kinds no
no okay so you don't need that so what I
do to get away from that is I buy
pro-mix osich lap all right over here
i buy pro-mix where's the steam would
focus
it's not focusing it never focuses I
don't know why it's not focusing that's
pretty good so I bought pearl mix see it
better here cycle engine oil I'm reading
it right here designated for use with
fifty to one for you go on thirty two
the one and sixteen along mixer yes and
this is what I use because this way if
because my blower takes forty to one gas
and this takes fifty to one so does the
echo yeah I need to get that fixed so I
really I do need to have this kind of
oil I honestly cannot afford to have any
other kind of oil because sometimes I do
run in to other people's machinery and
economy and I do get blond boys I mean
you know what I mean never actually ran
along boy it would love to run along boy
now let's take fifty two one this takes
fifty two one what took forty two one
McAuliffe did we eat her did
what else used to take 42:1 I don't know
I don't know if the change so I did it
probably did but I'm not 100% sure yeah
I think that's it what are the things we
have that we're even to cycle if that
was it
oh the old home it might have been not
the home light that you guys remember
the one before that I don't think it was
the yeah so but this is what I use you
could buy this at Lowe's you could buy
bigger ones this is the one you just put
in for and if you know if you're
wondering it does is low smoke fuel it
does have fuel stabilizer it is in
synthetic blend and you could get this
at Lowe's this is what it looks like
they're two dollars and seven cents
model it's very expensive it's so we're
all oils today so so yeah so that's the
oil I use so guys thanks for watching
please rate comment strives we'll see
you guys later thanks